chore: update doc for `partial_chain` and `verify_peer_ext_key_usage` (#12977)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-11721.en.md

Enhance TLS listener to support more flexible TLS verifications.

- partial_chain support

  If the option `partial_chain` is set to `true`, allow connections with incomplete certificate chains.
  

>   Check the description in emqx schema for more. 

Reviewer: Schema presented to user as "configuration manual document".
in this format: https://docs.emqx.com/en/enterprise/v5.6.1/hocon/
```suggestion
  Check the configuration manual docment for more details.
```

  
- Certificate KeyUsage Validation

  Added support for required Extended Key Usage defined in 
  [rfc5280](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5280#section-4.2.1.12).

  Introduced a new option (`verify_peer_ext_key_usage`) to require specific key usages (like "serverAuth") 
  in peer certificates during the TLS handshake.
  This strengthens security by ensuring certificates are used for their intended purposes.

  example:
     "serverAuth,OID:1.3.6.1.5.5.7.3.2"
    

>   Check the description in emqx schema for more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Check the configuration manual document for more details.
```
